Amazon Family Terms & Conditions

Amazon Family is aimed at providing certain benefits to customers on www.amazon.in /mobile application /site (collectively "Amazon.in") and subscribed to Prime membership and having children aged less than 5 years ("Customers"). Customers of Amazon Family can avail any of the following benefits:-
availing exclusive discount coupons offered by sellers on eligible products;
subscription to Baby Wish List and Baby Wish List Offer; and
creating a child profile on amazon.in;
These Offer terms and conditions ("Offer Terms") are in addition to the Amazon.in Conditions of Use and Sale and Amazon.in Prime terms and Conditions to which you agree by using Amazon.in and subscribing to Amazon.in Prime membership. To the extent the Amazon.in Conditions of Use and Sale and Amazon.in Prime terms and Conditions are inconsistent with these Offer Terms; these Offer Terms will prevail with respect to the Offers only.
You may only avail these Offers if you are: (a) located in India; (b) have set India as your current country in your account settings on Amazon.in; and (c) have a billing address in India.
Depending upon the nature of benefits availed by the Customers in Amazon Family, the applicable below mentioned Offer Terms of Amazon Family would be applicable.


Exclusive Discount Coupons:- 
Customers of Amazon Family would also be eligible to avail certain exclusive discount coupons offered from sellers, subject to the terms and conditions applicable to such coupons.

Baby Wish List:-
For details on the Baby Wish List, please visit Baby Wish List. 

Creation of Child Profile:-
Customers who create profile of their children on Amazon.in would receive recommendations of products from Amazon based on the information provided in the child profile. 

Access to Family Centric Resources:-  
Customers who identify themselves as parents of young children and create a child profile on Amazon.in, would receive certain products recommendations from Amazon based on including but not limited to the child's profile and/or the Customers. Customers will also have access to family-centric resources (including guides, relevant selections and offers). 
The information and recommendations provided by Amazon are purely based on the above indicative factors. Amazon makes no representations as to the accuracy, completeness, correctness, suitability, reliability or validity of such information and recommendations and does not provide any guarantees or warranties of any kind, express or implied, whatsoever in relation to the same.
In the event any Customer(s) fails to meet any of the above stated eligibility criteria or any of these Offer Terms, such Customer will not be eligible to receive the benefit(s) under this Offer.
The Offers will not be applicable if the Purchaser returns and/ or exchanges a Product and the participation of the Customer in the Offer will be deemed withdrawn.
Amazon reserves the absolute right to withdraw and/or alter any of these Offer Terms at any time without any prior notice.
By participating in this Offer, the Customer will be deemed to have accepted these Offer Terms and expressly agree that Amazon or any of its affiliates will not be liable or responsible for any loss or damage whatsoever that you may suffer, directly or indirectly, in connection with this Offer.
These Offer Terms are governed by the laws of India and the courts at New Delhi shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any matters/ disputes in relation to these Offer Terms.