1. What qualifies as damaged/ defective/ wrong products?
Product is not in working condition or has visible cut, crush, tear, broken parts, dents or scratches.
Product seal is broken and/or there is a leakage.
Product arrived with parts or accessories missing.
Product arrived in a different size or color than what was ordered.
Item does not match product description.
Entire product missing, but box is not tampered.
Shipping box is damaged or tampered.
Products is expired.
2. What to do if you receive a damaged, defective or wrong product?
If you are not happy with the product quality, you can return or replace the product. Please Note:

You can return any item that is eligible for return and its return window has not expired. Visit Returns Policy to Learn more.
Replacement or exchange of products is based on availability of products.
There are different processes of return and replacement for products fulfilled by Amazon and products fulfilled by third-party (Marketplace) sellers.
Check the product detail page to know about the seller of the product. Visit Return/Replacement FAQs to learn more
3. How to return a damaged, wrong product?
Go to Online Returns Center and follow the on-screen instructions. Visit How to schedule a Return to learn more
Item will be picked up as per scheduled pickup date and time, which will be communicated via email and visible in Your Orders.
If your address is covered by our courier partners, we’ll schedule a pick up for the package. If your address is not covered by our courier partners, you will need to return the item using any courier. Visit Return Pick-up and Self-Ship Guidelines to learn more.
4. How to return a third-party seller product?
Go to Your Orders.
Choose an item that you want to return or replace.
Select Contact seller. You will be directed to the Seller Messaging Assistant.
Select the appropriate option and start the conversation.
If a seller fails to address your query in three business days, the Amazon A-to-z Guarantee is available to you.
Note:
The following items and situations aren't covered under the Amazon A-to-z Guarantee:

Digital merchandise
Credit card payments where the issuing bank has initiated a chargeback
5. How will the refunded money be credited?
Refund timeline will depend upon the mode of refund chosen by you. You can choose to receive the refund in your Amazon Pay Balance, original payment method or to your bank account.

If you had chosen “Pay on delivery ” while placing an order, you can choose refund to Amazon Pay Balance or Original payment method.
For Amazon pay balance, refund will be credited to your Amazon Pay-Balance Account.
For bank account refunds, please ensure that you add your bank account details where you wish to receive the refund. The refund should be processed via NEFT/IMPS and credited to your bank account by 5 business days from the date of refund initiation.
To add your bank account through website,

Go to Your Orders
Click on the order you want to return
Select Return or Replacement items option
Select 'Refund to your bank account'
Select 'Choose a bank account'
Select 'Add a new bank account', and enter your bank account details
Available refund method	Refund Time-frame
FBA orders (After the return is received by Amazon)	Seller-Fulfilled orders (After seller notifies Amazon of receipt of return)
Prepaid Orders
Amazon Pay Balance*	4 hours
Credit Card/ Debit Card	5 Business Days	5 Business Days
Net Banking Account (Credited to Bank Account)
UPI Linked Bank Account	5 business days
Pay on Delivery Orders
NEFT to Bank Account	5 Business Days	5 Business Days
Amazon Pay Balance*	4 hours
Paper Cheque	Upto 10 business days
6. What is the time window for initiating a replacement?
The time window for initiating a replacement is same as return window for that product category. For example, if the product has a return window of 30 days, a replacement will also have to be initiated within the same period of 30 days. Visit Replacement Policy to learn more.

7. How to replace a damaged product?
Go to Your Orders.
Select the product you want to replace.
Click on Return/ Replace items.
Choose a reason to replace.
Continue and proceed as per on-screen instructions.
Replacement will not be possible if the item you selected is out of stock. In such cases you can return the product and a refund will generated.

8. What to do if renewed products are damaged?
If you have received a damaged renewed product, you can initiate a return or replacement through the Orders page. You will be required to upload all sided images of the product received. Make sure the images are clicked with the product placed at least 8 inches from the camera. Along with the images, ensure to provide the invoice details. To know more about renewed products, click here.

Note:
Some products not eligible for return. Check the Returns policy for more details.
Returning items with personal data: If you're returning a mobile phone, camera, or any other storage device, remember to remove any passwords and any personal data contained in it before returning it. Don't send personal accessories not originally included with the item when purchased, for example, cases or external memory cards purchased separately.