
Return Pickup
IN_en - Need to return something? - English
IN_en - Need to return something? - English
IN_hi - Need to return something? - Hindi
IN_hi - Need to return something? - Hindi

    Return pick-up is available for eligible pick-up addresses and items, provided there are no shipping restrictions.
    Products can only be returned within their return window. Refer to Amazon.in Returns Policy to learn more about return window
    In case pick-up is not available, self-ship option will be automatically selected. Read the section below on Self-Ship Guidelines for more details.
    A refund will be issued to your original payment method, in accordance with Amazon.in refund policy.

To ensure a successful Return Pick-up:

    Return the item and all accessories in original condition with brand/manufacturer box
    Keep the MRP tag intact
    Return the user manual, warranty card and all other documents provided with the item

Select the graphic to go to the Returns Centre

Please refer to the following points before raising a return pickup.

    Return Pick-up will be attempted by agents between 7AM to 10PM on the scheduled date.
    If in case pick-up is not completed on the scheduled day, it’ll be attempted again on the next day
    Certain couriers might require a return label which can be generated in the Returns Centre.
    A return will not be processed if the pick-up is cancelled due to missing or damaged item or its accessories (caused while in your possession).
    Amazon cannot reschedule pick-up for a Third-party (Marketplace) seller. However, the third-party seller usually will fulfil the return pick-up within the 10 days window. Refer to Contact a Marketplace Seller Help page to contact a Third-party seller
    Return cannot be picked from a new pick-up address different from the city to which the product was delivered.
    If you have received a damaged, defective or wrong product, refer to the Damaged, Defective or Wrong Product FAQs for further guidance.
    If you face any issues while raising a return pick-up request, refer to Return Pick-up Issues Help page for guidance and next steps.

Return Pickup Issues

A Return pick-up can fail due to various reasons such as:

    Customer not available
    Verification failed
    Return pickup cancelled

    In case you were not available during the chosen Return pick-up slot, the Delivery agent will try up to 3 reschedule attempts after calling and confirming with you. After 3 failed attempts, the pick-up will be cancelled.
    Delivery agent will check the product during the pickup. If the verification fails, because the product is not in it's original state (has been used, missing original tags etc.,) the delivery agent may cancel the pick-up.
    At times the pick-up attempt may be automatically cancelled or unattempted.

If you still want a Return Pickup, please reinitiate a fresh return once the existing request is cancelled. To do so -

    Go to Returns Centre.
    Select the item that you have scheduled for return.
    Select Cancel Return to reschedule your pickup, make changes to your return or choose to no longer want to return the product.

For a more detailed guidance on scheduling a return, visit the Help page: How to schedule a Return.
Self-Ship Guidelines

In case return pick-up is not available, you can self-ship the item using any courier of your choice that has package tracking capabilities. You will need the following return documentation to initiate return.

    A copy of invoice highlighting the items being returned (place it inside the return package);
    Declaration of item details, value and return reason (paste on the return package); and
    A return label with Amazon tracking barcode (paste on the return package).

Note:

1. If you do not have a printer, you can also hand-write the declaration and return address (generated in the Returns Centre) and use the original invoice or a copy, highlighting the items being returned.

2. Return shipping charges will be refunded in accordance with Amazon.in refund policy.
