Guaranteed delivery options are available on Prime Eligible items in select cities.
Orders must be placed within the time frame mentioned on the product details page to avail the option. The "order within" countdown timer provides the window of time in which you must place the order to receive your delivery by the date shown. That delivery date may become unavailable within that window of time due to changes in inventory or delivery capacity before you place your order. Your confirmed delivery date will be included in your order confirmation email.
Only certain pin codes are eligible for these options.
To get your order within the guaranteed delivery time, you need to select the respective delivery option during checkout.
Items belonging to large appliances and furniture categories do not qualify for these express shipping options.
The Delivery guarantee applies to attempted delivery by the promised date. Amazon will not be responsible to provide guaranteed delivery if the customer is not present at the delivery address to take the delivery or if the customer picks up the package on a later date though the package has been delivered at the pickup store on the promised date.
On Saturdays, and regional or national holidays, deliveries are not guaranteed to establishments like offices that might be closed.
Store operating hours and working days are displayed while selecting the pick-up store at the time of order placement.
We are constantly working to expand our coverage. Please check availability of guaranteed delivery options for your pincode on the detail page or at check out.
Your package will be delivered to the pickup store on your estimated delivery date and you will get a notification mail once the package is delivered to the store and is ready for pickup.
The following additional terms and conditions apply for Guaranteed Morning Delivery.

Morning Delivery is not available to establishment addresses like offices and business premises. It is restricted only to residential addresses.
Morning Delivery attempts happen latest by 11 am.


Morning Delivery is available in the following cities:

Bangalore	Delhi
Mumbai	Faridabad
Noida	Ghaziabad
Hyderabad	
The following additional terms and conditions apply for Guaranteed Same-Day Delivery.

For Same-Day Delivery, we cannot guarantee delivery attempts to establishments like offices and business premises that close by 6 p.m.
Same-Day Delivery attempts happen latest by 9 p.m.


Same-Day Delivery is available in the following cities:

Delhi NCR	Coimbatore	Tiruchirappalli
Kolkata	Vadodara	Patna
Mumbai	Kozhikode	Indore
Chennai	Surat	Mangalore
Bangalore	Nagpur	Nashik
Hyderabad	Visakhapatnam	Lucknow
Thiruvananthapuram	Panjim	Warangal
Pune	Mysore	Chittoor
Kochi	Jaipur	Guntur
Thrissur	Bhubaneshwar	
Ahmedabad	Madurai	
Bhopal	Vijaywada	


One Day Delivery* is available in the following cities:

Agra	Karur
Ahmedabad	Kolhapur
Ajmer	Kota
Allahabad	Krishnagiri
Ambala	Lucknow
Amritsar	Madurai
Anand	Mangalore
Ankleshwar	Manipal
Arakkonam	Mathura
Bangalore	Meerut
Bathinda	Mumbai
Belgaum	Mysore
Bharuch	Nadiad
Chandigarh	Namakkal
Chennai	Nashik
Coimbatore	Navi Mumbai
Cuddalore	Navsari
Davangere	Noida
Dehradun	Panchkula
Delhi	Pondicherry
Dharmapuri	Pune
Dharwad	Rajkot
Dindigul	Rohtak
Erode	Rupnagar
Faridabad	Salem
Gandhi Nagar	Secunderabad
Ghaziabad	Sonipat
Gurgaon	Sriperumbudur
Harihara	Surat
Hisar	Thane
Hosur	Thanjavur
Hyderabad	Tiruchirappalli
Indore	Tirupur
Jaipur	Tiruvallur
Jamnagar	Tumkur
Jodhpur	Udaipur
Kalpakkam	Vadodara
Kanchipuram	Valsad
Kanpur	Vellore
Karnal	


Two Day Delivery* is available in the following cities:

Agra	Madgao
Ahmedabad	Madurai
Ajmer	Mangalore
Allahabad	Manipal
Ambala	Mathura
Amritsar	Meerut
Arakkonam	Morena
Bangalore	Mumbai
Belgaum	Mysore
Chandigarh	Nadiad
Chennai	Nagpur
Coimbatore	Namakkal
Delhi	Nashik
Dharmapuri	Navi Mumbai
Dharwad	Navsari
Dindigul	Noida
Erode	Panchkula
Faridabad	Panjim
Gandhi Nagar	Patiala
Ghaziabad	Patna
Guntur	Pondicherry
Gurgaon	Pune
Gwalior	Rajkot
Hosur	Rupnagar
Hyderabad	Salem
Indore	Secunderabad
Jaipur	Sriperumbudur
Jalandhar	Surat
Jamnagar	Tenali
Jodhpur	Thane
Kalol	Thanjavur
Kalpakkam	Tiruchengodu
Kanchipuram	Tiruchirappalli
Kanpur	Tirupur
Karur	Tiruvallur
Kolhapur	Tuticorin
Kolkata	Udaipur
Kota	Vadodara
Krishnagiri	Valsad
Kumbakonam	Vellore
Lucknow	Vijaywada
Ludhiana	Warangal