1. Does my product include installation?

To know if the product you are purchasing comes with an installation service, check for the installation related message on the product detail page. For more details like charges involved, slot availability and the installation process, reach out to the service provider using the contact information provided on the product detail page.

Note:In some cases, you might have to select the installation message to get more information regarding the service and the service provider. Check for Read key details or See more alongside the ‘request for installation’ box on the product details page.


2. How can I modify, cancel or reschedule the installation slot?


Contact the service provider using the contact information provided on the product detail page to modify (cancel or reschedule) a slot.
The option to reschedule the service appointment is available on the email notification that we had sent when the installation appointment was confirmed. You can click the Reschedule option on the email and raise a request to reschedule the appointment.
You can also visit Your Orders and request modification-
    Go to Your Orders.
    Select the Installation Service Order.
    Select 'Reschedule'.
    Check the box 'I have received my product. Would like to schedule the service'.


3. Can installation be done at a different address?

Installation services can only be provided at the location where the product was delivered.


4. Why hasn't my product been installed yet?

Please check in the Product details page if your order is eligible for installation. If yes, please select Get Product Support (GPS) option against the purchased product on Your Order page.

5. How do I contact the assigned technician?

Generally, the technician details are shared with you within 4 hours of the scheduled slot.

You can reach out to the service provider using the contact information provided on the product detail page for technician's details, or check your SMS and email notifications.

Note: In some cases, you might have to select the installation message to get more information regarding the service and the service provider.
