How to place orders in Amazon

Steps to place an order:

    Select the items which you want to order.
    Add those items to your “Shopping Cart”.
    After reviewing your shopping cart, select “Proceed to Checkout”.
    You’ll be prompted to sign in to Amazon.in account, you can sign in using your mobile number or email address if you already have an account.
    If you’re a new customer, select “I am a new customer” option on the sign in page to create a new account. Here's an helpful page to Get Started with Amazon.
    Enter the address where you want to receive your order/select the Pickup store as per the availability by searching in the available criteria.
    If it a gift for someone/ if you want your order to be gift wrapped, then select gift-wrap option and include a gift message.
    Select the payment method, add the details and select “Continue”.

    Review your order and select “Place your Order” button and Pay to complete the transaction.

Note: The delivery speeds, dates and delivery address cannot be changed once an order is placed.


Why am I unable to place orders?

This could be due to the following issues:

    There is a Payment decline. Please select here to know more about Payment issues.
    The item you have selected is out of stock.
    There is some technical or internet connectivity issue.
    Undeliverable to selected location/pincode.
    There is a quantity limit.
    Sometimes when Fulfiiled by Amazon and seller fulfilled items are clubbed together, the order processing takes time.


How can I change or modify the quantity of orders in the cart?

To change the quantity for items you have not yet added to the cart -

Once you select the "Add to Cart" button and add the item to your shopping cart, enter the desired quantity in the "Quantity" dropdown option on the right side of the page.

To change the quantity for items already added to the cart -

Go to Cart, select the quantity dropdown box to the right of the title and choose the desired quantity. The quantity number for the item and order amount will be updated automatically.

If the entered quantity is not available with us, you'll see an error message.



Can I change or modify orders that are already placed?

You would not be able to change or modify the number of items once you have already placed an order. You can place another fresh order with the desired modifications. However, you can change your shipping preferences in Your Account at any time after placing your order as long as the order hasn't entered the shipping process yet.


How to Update Delivery instructions?

Tell us what you'd like us to do with your parcel if you're not at home to receive it. Your delivery instructions can be accessed in multiple locations:

    Your address book.
    The checkout process
    Your order confirmation page
    The progress tracker

Select update delivery instructions under your delivery address, if this option is available. A window appears. update your delivery instructions and select Save instructions.

Note: We try to honour your delivery instructions whenever possible. However, we can't always guarantee that our carriers can meet these requests.


How to change the payment method?

You can add or update your payment methods by selecting the payments options section in Your Account.


What is Cash on Delivery?

Cash on Delivery is one of the payment methods for making purchases on Amazon.in. When you select Cash on Delivery as your payment method, you don't have to make any advance payment. You pay for your order only when you receive it.


 How to cancel orders?

You can cancel items or orders by visiting the Your Orders section in Your Account.

To cancel orders that aren't yet out for delivery:

    Go to Your Orders.
    Select the item you want to cancel and click Cancel items.
    Provide reasons for cancellation (optional).
    Click on Cancel Checked Items.

To cancel an order that is already out for delivery:

    Go to Your Orders.
    Select the Request cancellation option and proceed further.
    The item(s) will be returned to us for a refund (if the payment is already made).

Note: In case you're still contacted for delivery, please refuse to accept it.
