1. How do I get Same-Day Delivery?
You can get Same-Day Delivery in two ways:

Prime Members can avail free Same-Day or One/Two-Day delivery in select cities on orders that include eligible items. Read more about Prime Shipping Benefits here.
Non-Prime Members can avail paid Same-Day or One/Two-Day delivery on eligible items in select cities.
If your order qualifies for Same-Day, One/Two-Day delivery, you will need to choose your preferred delivery option at checkout.

2. Which items are eligible for Same-Day Delivery?
Fulfilled by Amazon and Prime Eligible Items: The Guaranteed Delivery options are available on Prime Eligible items in select cities. The list of cities and other Terms and Conditions can be found here.
Shipping speeds and charges vary based on the items in your cart and the delivery address. You can find more details here.

Seller-Fulfilled Items: Certain Seller Fulfilled items that aren’t Prime eligible can qualify for Guaranteed One-day and Two-day delivery. Delivery charges vary by Seller. You can find more about Seller-fulfilled orders here.
Note: Items belonging to large appliances and furniture categories do not qualify for these express shipping options.

3. Where can I get Same-Day Delivery?
Same-Day and One/Two-Day delivery options are available in select cities and only certain pin codes are eligible. You can check the delivery options for your pin code on the product detail page or at checkout.

Same-Day Delivery is available in the following cities:

Ahmedabad	Gurgaon
Bangalore	Kanchipuram
Chennai	Mumbai
Delhi	Navi Mumbai
Faridabad	Noida
Gandhi Nagar	Thane
Ghaziabad	Tiruvallur
Note: Same-Day Delivery is available only to residential addresses.

Amazon will not be responsible to provide Same-Day delivery if:

The customer is not present at the delivery address to take the delivery or
The customer picks up the package on a later date though the package has been delivered at the pickup store on the promised date.
4. When can I get Same-Day Delivery?
Same-Day Delivery: If you order eligible items before the cut-off time displayed on the product detail page and at checkout, we will deliver those items based on order confirmation, if you live in an eligible pin code.

Note: If the cut-off time has passed, you may have the option to receive your delivery the next day. Delivery speeds and any applicable charges will be confirmed during checkout, before you complete your order.

To check the list of cities and other terms and conditions for Same-Day, One/Two-Day Delivery, check this page.

Note: On Weekends (Saturday and Sunday), and regional or national holidays, deliveries are not guaranteed to establishments like offices that might be closed. This is applicable to all types of deliveries.

5. What does Same-Day Delivery cost?
Prime eligible and Fulfilled by Amazon items

Shipping Speed	
Charge Per Item: Prime, Prime Lite, and Prime Shopping Edition members

***

Charge Per Item***: Non-Prime Customers****

Same-Day Delivery	Free	₹119
One-Day Delivery	Free	₹99
Two-Day Delivery	Free	₹79
Standard Delivery **	Free	₹40
**Standard Delivery charges are free for non-Prime members for orders ₹499 or more.
**We deliver orders placed with Standard Delivery in two or more days after they are shipped. You can check the estimated delivery date before ordering.
***The applicable delivery charge is levied even for multiple quantities of the same product. The shipping fee per item structure is limited to standard and fast track speeds for Prime and non-Prime customers mentioned in the table above.
**** Limited Time Special Offer : Reduced Shipping Fees for Non-Prime Customers.
For detailed terms and conditions of shipping charges, visit this page.

Seller-Fulfilled items: Shipping speeds and charges for these items vary depending on the seller. You can check the speeds and charges before you place the order.

6. What if I don't receive an item that was eligible for Same-Day Delivery or receive it late?
To get Guaranteed Delivery, you must place orders within the timeline shown on the product detail page. The date is subject to change before you place your order. Your order confirmation email shows your confirmed delivery date.

Amazon automatically refunds delivery charges if you don't get your Same-Day, One-Day, or Two-Day Delivery by the promised date. Refunds go to your Amazon Pay balance. If you choose Pay on Delivery (POD), you first pay the full order cost, then, you get a delivery refund.