1. What should I do if I am unable to start the washing machine?

Refer below for possible solutions:

Confirm that the power plug is connected to the working power outlet.
Cable could be damaged. Confirm that there is no damage within the cable from the motor to the plug.
Confirm that the switch is not faulty or broken.
Check if the power outlet is working by connecting other working appliances to it.
2. What should I do if my washing machine's drain pump leaks?

Refer below for possible solutions:

Check if the drain hose is damaged and replace the drain hose if damaged.
Make sure that the fittings where the hoses connect to the faucets and to the back of the washing machine are not worn out.

Check if the tub seal is torn and replace if it is torn.
3. What should I do if my washing machine makes a loud noise?

Refer below for possible solutions:

There could be metal objects in the drum or pump.
Check if there are any metal objects such as keys, coins or safety pins, in the drum or pump.
Restart the washer.
Issue cpould be because of heavy wash loads. Make sure that the Load is not too heavy. Untangle clothes, if required. Redistribute out of balance wash load.
Packing materials are not removed. Remove shipping bolts or packing materials, if not removed.
Washing machine not at level. Make sure the resting feet of the machine are set firmly and evenly on the floor.
4. What should I do if my washing machine spills water from the detergent box?

Refer below for possible solutions:

Detergent residue could be built-up inside the box. Clean the detergent box.
Extend the detergent dispenser drawer outward.
Press down the push button to release the detergent dispenser drawer.
Carefully wash the detergent dispenser drawer with warm water and remove the excess detergent residue.
Insert the detergent dispenser drawer back into place.
Note:
Make sure to dry all the compartments and drawer completely before reinstalling it back into place.

5. What should I do if my washing machine door does not open?

Refer below for possible solutions:

Reset pressure switch.
Turn OFF the machine to cool down the door lock.
Wait for few minutes to open the door.
Check if teh pressure switch is faulty. If yes, call an authorized technician to replace the faulty pressure switch.
6. What to do when the washer says "DE"?

Refer below for possible solutions:

Door magnet could be missing.
Make sure that the door magnet has not broken/fallen off.
Ensure the door is closed correctly. Open and close the door again.
7. What to do when the washer says "IE"?

Refer below for possible solutions:

Water supply faucets (tap) are not fully open. Ensure that the water supply faucets behind the washer are fully open.
Water in the hoses is frozen. Check the fill hoses for kinks or frozen water, if applicable.
Water inlet screens are clogged. Replace the water inlet valve and check the screens on the water inlet valves for debris or deposits.
8. What to do when the washer says "LE"?

Refer below for possible solutions:

There could be a motor error. Allow the washer to stand for 30 minutes and then restart the cycle.

9. What to do when the washer says "OE"?

Refer below for possible solutions:

Check if the drain pump filter is blocked or filled with debris. If the drain pump filter is blocked or clogged, clean it.
Check if the drain hose is bent. If the drain hose is bent, replace it.
10. What to do when the washer says "PE"?

Refer below for possible solutions:

Make sure that the wiring harness is not damaged or there are no wire cuts.
There could be a water level pressure issue. Follow the steps below:
Press Power to turn OFF the machine.
Unplug the machine.
With the power being disabled, press and hold the Start/Pause for 5 seconds.
Plug the washer back in.
Power the unit back ON.
Press-in on the door firmly.
Select any cycle, and press Start/Pause.
11. What to do when the washer says "UE"?

Refer below for possible solutions:

Make sure if the load is not too less. Add 1 or 2 similar items to increase thge load.
If heavy articles (bath mat, bath robe, etc.) are loaded and causes an imbalanced, the washer will try to restart the spin cycle. Distribute the load.
12. What should I do if my washing machine leaks from the door?

Refer below for possible solutions:

There could be accumulation of dirt around the inner door seal. Remove the dirt or deposits around the inner door seal with a damp cloth.
Foreign object may be stuck between the door. Remove the item in the door seal. Pull back the seal to inspect all areas under the seal for foreign objects. Remove foreign objects found.