1. What should I do when my Air Conditioner stops working?
Connect the unit to a live power socket and turn it on.
Check if the fuse is blown or circuit breaker tripped. Replace the fuse or reset the circuit breaker.
Make sure that there is no damage within the cable from the motor to the plug.
Make sure that the switch is not faulty or broken.
Drain the water store in the tank.
Change the set temperature of the cooling mode if the room temperature is lower than the set temperature.
2. What should I do when the remote control of my Air Conditioner does not work?
Bring remote control closer to the Air Conditioner so that it is within the recommended range of the Air Conditioner. Refer the user manual to know about the recommended range
Check if the terminals (+,-) of the batteries in the remote controller are aligned correctly.
Check if the batteries of the remote control are charged. Replace them if needed.
3. What should I do when my Air Conditioner does not clean the air in my room?
Make sure that there are no curtains, blinds or furniture blocking the front of the air conditioner
Check if the Air filter is dirty. Clean the filter at least every 2 weeks.
Remove the air filter from the front grille by pulling forward the air filter and then up slightly.
Wash the filter using warm water below 40째C (104째F).
Gently shake the excess water from the filter and replace.
4. How to resolve water leakage issue from Air Conditioner?
Make sure that the Air Conditioner is installed properly.
Window units should have front slightly higher than the rear of the air conditioner.
Check if the unit if frozen. Allow the ice to melt.
If your cooling coil is icing up, the melting ice may drain into your house.
Straighten the drain hose for water to drain well.
Make sure the water path from the drain hose is not blocked with dust, pebbles etc.
Inspect the drain hose for physical damage or cuts. Replace the drain hose if required.
5. What to do when my Air Conditioner is freezing up?
Clean the unit and defrost using fan.
Turn ON the fan-mode on the unit.
Let it circulate warm air, if the fan is not frosted.
Freezing is caused by low refrigerant and improper fan operation. Low refrigerant levels make the coils too cold, and a faulty fan prevents air from moving. Faulty thermostats and drainage problems can often result in the unit freezing.

6. What Should I do if a loud noise coming from my Air Conditioner?
If the fan blades are chipped, bent, or damaged, it may give rise to vibrations because of improper alignment. Replace if required.
Check if there are any foreign objects and remove them. Switch OFF the unit and remove the grill
If the fan motor is not lubricated properly, it will cause loud noises. Reach out to Service Centre for AC service
Locking system of the front grill may have been damaged. Reach out to Service centre to repair the front grill.
7. How should I clean my Air Conditioner?
To clean the air filter -
Remove the air filter from the front grille by pulling forward the air filter and then up slightly.
Wash the filter using warm water below 40째C (104째F)
Gently shake the excess water from the filter and replace.
To clean the coils -
Evaporator coils
Remove the front grill.
Use a brush attachment with a vacuum cleaner to cleanup any dust or debris that has made it past the air filter.
If you are cleaning the coils after the Air Conditioner has already been running, put the unit in fan mode for about an hour in order to allow any condensed moisture on the evaporator coils to dry.
To clean the condenser coils:
Use an air brush attachment with a vacuum cleaner to remove any dust or debris that has built up from the outside.
If using vacuum is not an option, you can also use a hose pipe to clean it.
Remove any garden sprayer attachments and allow the water to flow directly from the end of the hose down over the coils to wash away the dust or debris.
To clean the Air Conditioner's case:
The front grille and inlet grille can be wiped with a cloth dampened in a mild detergent solution.
The cabinet can be washed with mild soap or detergent and lukewarm water.