Frequently Asked Questions about Warranty

Frequently Asked Questions about warranty for products purchased on Amazon.
Where can I find the warranty information for the product I am purchasing, before purchase?

The warranty information can be found on the product detail page. To learn more about the warranty details, simply click on the "shield" icon.
What do I see when I select the shield icon and how do I interpret it?

There are two types of shield icons:

Star within the shield icon: This warranty icon enables you, as a customer, to claim the warranty through your Amazon account.

Tick within the shield icon: This warranty icon means the warranty will be provided by the manufacturer. If you reach out to the manufacturing brand and provide details from your invoice, the service center will schedule a convenient service slot for you.

If you do not see a shield icon that would imply the brand has not shared their warranty information with us. Please reach out to the brand directly.
How do I avail a warranty for my product?

The steps for claiming a warranty can be seen by selecting the "Warranty widget" on the product description page. To avail the warranty service,

    Go to Your Orders.
    Select the item for which you want warranty support.
    Select "Get Product Support".
    Go to the section “Warranty Claim & Repairs”
    Select “Available Support Options”

At this stage you will be able to view four different experiences depending on what information the brand has shared with us, which is shown to you as is.

Experience 1:

You will be able to schedule a service visit by simply clicking on a button. Your service request will be forwarded to the manufacturing brand, and the brand manufacturer will reach out to you directly for the next steps.

Experience 2:

You will have an option to view the list of nearest service centers with their contact details or the Customer Support contact details of the manufacturing brand. You can either visit these service centers in person or contact their Customer Support center for assistance.

Experience 3:

You can view your product's warranty period and its expiration date. In this scenario, please note that the manufacturing brand has not provided any additional details. Please contact the manufacturer directly for further support.

Experience 4:

The "Get product support" option is not visible because there is no warranty information from the manufacturing brand available for the product. Please contact the manufacturing brand directly for support.

You can also contact the brand through phone, e-mail, or by visiting a service center. To contact the brand, visit the brand contact details page. Alternatively, you can refer to the user manual, warranty card, or packaging information to find the brand’s contact information.
What happens in case the brand doesn’t reach out?

Once a service order has been raised, kindly allow up to 3 business days for the service provider to reach out to you. If you haven't received a response from the service provider within 3 business days, please Contact Us.
What happens if I am not satisfied with the service?

If you are unsatisfied with the services provided by Amazon Home Services, please Contact us for additional support.
Note: Based on specific conditions, the company will either send a representative to address the damage or provide compensation that is appropriate for the extent of the damages. If you would like to learn more about our Terms and Conditions, please refer to Amazon Home Services T&Cs.

Any queries, complaints, or issues pertaining about the Brand Fulfilled Warranty must be addressed to the brand. If you reach out to Amazon Customer Service, we can help raise your concerns with the manufacturer. However, the end resolution will be provided by the brand only.
