 Request an A-to-z Guarantee Refund

You can request an A-to-z Guarantee refund if there's an issue with any physical goods or eligible services that was sold and shipped by a marketplace seller on Amazon.in

To view in your preferred language, locate the country flag on top banner and use the drop down to select the language.

Before requesting a refund, go to A-to-z Guarantee to check if you’re eligible to request a refund.

To request a refund:

    Go to Your Orders
    Locate the order.
    Select “Return or Replace items” or “Return items” option as applicable
    Select the reason from the drop-down list under why are you returning this.
    Select the refund option under How can we make it right.
    Click continue and follow the instructions.

You can also view the status or cancel an A-to-Z guarantee return request by following below steps

To view the request status of an A-to-z refund

    Go to Your Orders
    Locate your order in the orders list. Select View Order Details
    Select Problem with Order
    You'll see the current status of the claim under section Refund Request Status. It can take us up to one week to review requests. We'll let you know about our decision using the email address related to your account.

To cancel or Reverse an A-to-z Guarantee Refund

    Go to Your Orders
    Locate the order
    Select Problem with order
    Select withdraw request
    Enter your comments in the text box
    Select Submit

Note:

    Claims are usually resolved within one week.
    If your refund request is denied, you can submit an appeal within 30 calendar days of the decision. Go to Appeal a Denied A-to-z Guarantee Refund for more information.
    If your order is an Amazon Business order, wherein you've received damaged, defective, or wrong items, you need to inform the seller of such issue within seven days of receipt of items, to initiate the return process.
    We may require you to first contact the seller and wait for a response for 48 hours, before you're eligible to request a refund.

