TV Power Issues
1. What should I do if I am unable to turn ON my TV (no power)?

Refer below for possible solutions.

There could be a technical glitch. Try to reset your TV
Disconnect the power cord from the outlet, then press and hold the power button on the TV (not the remote), for at least 10 seconds.
Wait a few minutes and plug the TV back in and press the power button.
There could be a faulty wall outlet. Check the outlet and ensure the TV is receiving sufficient power and using a functioning wall outlet.
Test the outlet by plugging in another functional electronic device.
Avoid using a surge protector.
Plug in the TV to another outlet even if the original outlet is functioning with other devices.
The remote could be faulty. Check and replace the batteries in the remote, if required
Use the power button on the side of the TV to determine if the problem is caused by the remote.
Replace the batteries in the remote and check if you are able to turn on the TV.
Capacitors on the power supply boards could be failing. Call an authorized technician
2. What should I do if my TV turns OFF automatically?

Refer below for possible solutions:

The remote batteries could be low. Try replacing the remote batteries
Note:
Remotes can send conflicting infrared noise when the battery is low, which could result in your TV interpreting infrared noise from your remote as an "On/Off" command.

There could be an issue with devices connected. Check the connected devices.
Disconnect your TV from connected devices like set top box, gaming consoles or PCs.
Connect the devices back to the TV one by one.
Connect the devices back to the TV one by one.
The TV’s timer must be enabled. Check and disable the timer.
Press Menu on the remote to enter the settings screen.
Choose System > Time > Sleep Timer.
Check if there is a time range set.
If there is a time range set, scroll to Off and press OK on the remote.
Press the Exit button.
Note: Terms may vary according to manufacturer and model. Please refer to the user manual of your TV for specific settings.
3. What should I do if I cannot hear any audio from my TV or the volume is very low?

Refer below for possible solutions:

Volume of the TV could be low or is muted. Check and increase the volume of the TV.
Connected device's volume could be low. Check the volume of the input device.
Audio/Video (A/V) cables may not be connected to the correct ports
Check if the set top box, laptop or PC is connected using an Audio/Video (A/V) cable connection.
Make sure the A/V cables are securely connected to the appropriate video input on the TV.
Headphones could be connected to the TV. Check and disconnect headphone, if connected.
Analogue broadcasts need to be tuned. Tune the TV.
Perform analogue broadcast tuning, if analogue broadcasts are used.
Check the other input sources or playback content for sound issues.
Note: If audio is heard from the analogue broadcasts, the TV speakers are working.
Stereo settings could be configured incorrectly. Reconfigure the stereo settings.
Go to Menu from the remote.
Verify that the MTS settings of the TV are set to MAIN or STEREO.
Check if the speakers are set to ON. If not, turn them ON.
Turn OFF the Simulated effect in the Audio or Sound menu, if the TV has one.
Increase the Volume to maximum value in the Volume Offset setting, if the TV has one.
Check if the TV speakers are set as the Center speaker. Disable the same, if yes.
Set the output to Audio Out in the Headphone/Audio Out settings, if the TV has one.
Software could be outdated. Update the TV. Go to Manuals, Specifications and Warranty for specific instructions to update the software/firmware.
Note: This may only be applicable to TVs with upgradable software/firmware. If the TV software version is up to date, proceed to the next troubleshooting step, otherwise perform software update first.
Perform a perform reset
Perform a power reset on the TV.
Refer to the user manual for specific power reset instructions, if the remote does not have a RESET button.
Reset the TV to original factory settings, if the power reset does not work.
Refer to the user manual for instructions on factory reset.
Audio Issues
1. What should I do if the volume level is different from both the speaker?

Software could be outdated. Go to Manuals, Specifications and Warranty for specific instructions to update the software/firmware.
Note:
This may only be applicable to TVs with upgradable software/firmware. If the TV software version is up to date, proceed to the next troubleshooting step, if not, perform software update first.

Speaker balance could be configured incorrectly. To configure speaker balance:
Go to the TV menu.
Select At Zero or At Center on Speaker Balance.
Perform a power reset on the TV.
Refer to the user manual for specific power reset instructions, if the remote does not have a RESET button
Reset the TV to original factory settings, if the power reset does not work.
Refer to the user manual for instructions on factory reset.
Picture Issues
1. What should I do if there are multiple lines going up and down on my TV screen?

There could be an issue with the TV.
Press the HOME button on the remote to display the TV menu screen.
Check if the same issue occurs on the menu screen. If yes,
Restart the TVC and check if the issue is resolved.
Turn off the TV and unplug the A/C power cord and leave it unplugged for 2 minutes.
Plug in the AC power cord and turn on the TV to check if the issue is resolved.
Check the connected devices like set top box, PC or IPTV for any issues if the menu screen has no issues.
Interference from electrical or battery-operated devices in the periphery. Turn OFF any interference causing devices
Spotty signal (only for antenna users). Adjust the antenna direction. Change the location of the antenna if adjusting the direction does not work.
Note: If using an antenna, broadcast signals are reflected by nearby mountain or surrounding tall buildings and may cause ghosting in the picture
The electrical outlet and/or surge protector could be faulty. Check and change the power outlet, if required. Plug in the TV power cord into a different electrical outlet. Replace the surge protector or extension cord, if using one.
Note: These symptoms can occur if the electrical outlet is improperly wired or not producing the proper voltage. If using a surge protector or extension cord, it also could be faulty.
2. What should I do if the picture on my TV screen is flickering?

Refer below for possible solutions:

Loose or failing connections inside the TV set. Follow the below steps.
Change the source of the TV and check if the issue persists.
Try a different cable (usually HDMI), your wire may not be working properly (or try the same cable on a different device and see if the problem persists).
Check the video output settings of the device you're experiencing the problem with.
Cables connecting to the source could be damaged. Check and change cables, if required.
3. What should I do if I am unable to see picture or hear sound on my TV?

Refer below for possible solutions:

Ensure the TV is receiving sufficient power.
Make sure the TV is plugged in securely to the outlet.
Make sure the switch of the wall outlet is ON.
For not getting picture:
Reset all components by unplugging them for 5 minutes including the TV.
Ensure all COAX CABLE and HDMI CABLES are tight and properly connected
Note: This would mean that either a CABLE BOX, SAT BOX, COAX CABLE, HDMI CABLE, etc. may not be working properly, something is loose, or needs reset.
To access the sound out setting:
Open the settings menu either by using the button on your remote, or if your remote doesn't have a settings button, press the Home/Smart button, then click the settings icon.
Navigate to the Audio/Sound menu.
Choose sound out, then select TV speakers
The outlet could be faulty. Check and change the outlet, if required.
Switch to different inputs and check if issue gets resolved, if you do not know the correct input.
Perform a power reset.
Power cycle the TV.
Unplug the TV for 10 minutes.
Plug the TV back in.
Connectivity issues
1. What should I do if I am unable to connect my TV to my PC?

The HDMI input selected on your TV could be incorrect.

Connect HDMI lead to both TV and PC.
Select the correct HDMI input on TV by pressing the AV button.
If your PC does not automatically output its screen to the TV:
Go to Control Panel > Display > Adjust Resolution.
Select the TV option in the display drop down box.
2. What should I do if I am unable to connect my TV to my wireless network?

Refer below for possible solutions:

There could be a connectivity issue with the WiFi router. Check if the issue is with the TV or the WiFi router.
Connect the TV to another WiFi network or a mobile hotspot
Contact your ISP if the TV is able to connect to another network or device as the issue is with the WiFi router or network.
Contact the TV manufacturer for after sales service if the TV does not connect to any other network as the issue is with the TV.
Wireless network may not be configured correctly. To reconfigure the wireless network:
Connect the wireless adapter to the USB port on your TV.
Press the menu button, and select Setup.
Select the Network
Note: If the network type is set to wired, change it to wireless.
Select Network Setup and select the network.
Allow the TV to scan for wireless networks in the area.
Select the name of your network from the list.
Allow the TV to connect to your wireless network
Note: Most users will select Auto option for IP setup and DNS. If network requires you to put in a manual IP address and DNS server, enter those settings. Note: If the TV does not connects to a wireless network, adjust the IP address settings in Network Setup.
Press the Return button to return to the Network Screen.
Select Network Test.
Follow the below steps if the connection fails:
Check whether the correct network name (SSID) was chosen and the correct wireless encryption key was entered.
Power OFF the TV and unplug the modem and router/access point and wait for approximately 30 seconds.
Plug the modem and router/access point back IN and power the TV ON.
Repeat the network test.
3. What should I do if my TV's USB port is not detecting the external hard drive or pen drive?

Refer below for possible solutions:

Check whether the USB port supports playback.
Plug in the HDD or pen drive.
Check if there is a status message displayed saying "USB in service only"
Note:
The status means that the USB does not support playback and you will not be able to use it to stream from hard disks or pen drives.

USB settings may not be configured correctly. To reconfigure the USB settings:
Connect the USB device (HDD or pen drive) to the USB port with a cable. The TV should automatically recognize the external device and the menu should pop up.
Select the USB device in the 'External input' option in the TV settings, if the device is not detected automatically.
Select the content you want to watch and they will be played.