Free Shipping on Subsequent Orders
When you buy a Fulfilled by Amazon item on Amazon, you are eligible for Free delivery on subsequent orders on all Fulfilled by Amazon items for the next 4 hours.

What is the promotion?
As soon as you purchase any Fulfilled by Amazon item on Amazon, you are eligible for FREE delivery on all Fulfilled by Amazon orders for the next 4 hours After the 4-hour offer, you'll need to pay delivery fees for your purchases.

This promotion applies to all payment methods and standard delivery orders. For faster delivery, charges are applicable.
This promotion excludes Seller Fulfilled and Amazon Pantry goods.
Is this promotion available always?
Yes, it's an evergreen promotion.

If I already received FREE delivery promotion on my first order, will I still be eligible for this promotion?
Yes. You will still receive FREE delivery on subsequent orders on all Fulfilled by Amazon items for the next 4 hours.

What items are eligible for this promotion?
Yes. You will still receive FREE delivery on all subsequent FBA orders for the next 4 hours.

All Fulfilled by Amazon items (excluding pantry) are eligible for FREE delivery on subsequent orders for the next 4 hours. This promotion is not applicable on Seller Fulfilled items and pantry items. At the end of the promotion period of 4 hours, you will have to pay delivery fees as applicable for the items you buy.

What if I order one Fulfilled by Amazon and one Seller fulfilled/Pantry item together in my first order? Am I eligible?
The promotion will be available only on Fulfilled by Amazon items. Delivery charges for Seller fulfilled / Pantry item will continue to apply as always.

Will I get FREE guaranteed Morning/Same-day/One-day/Two-day delivery?
No. This promotion applies exclusively to Standard Delivery. Non-Prime customers who want special delivery must pay the delivery fee. For further details select here.

What if my first Fulfilled by Amazon order is can cancelled? Will this promotion apply to future orders?
No. Cancelling your order will disqualify you from this promotion.

Note: If the total value of all your Fulfilled by Amazon orders within the 4-hour promotion window is below ₹499, this FREE delivery promotion will be cancelled and you will be charged ₹40 for the order.

I have placed a Digital order/Prime Now order/Amazon Business order/Amazon Easy (My Bazaar) order in the past, will I still be eligible for promotion?
No. This offer is not applicable on Prime Now, Amazon Business, Amazon Easy (My Bazaar) orders. If you have placed a Prime Now, Amazon Business, Amazon Easy (My Bazaar) order in past you will not be eligible for Free Delivery.
