

Why do I need to add images?

When you contact us for an issue related to replacement or return of an order, we may ask you to share a picture of your item to help us investigate the issue. In case of damaged product, the damaged portion of the item should be clearly visible in the image.

How do I upload images?

To upload an image, follow the steps mentioned below:

    Visit Your Orders and select the order which you want to return.
    Select Return or Replace Items with an appropriate return reason code from the list (below list not exhaustive):
        Item is damaged or defective
        Item is missing or not as expected
        Missing parts or accessories
        Incompatible or not useful
        Both product and shipping box damaged
        Wrong item was received
    Click Continue and follow the on-screen instructions.

    You will see the option to "Add Photos". Click Add Photos and select the image file/s from your device to be uploaded. Please wait a few seconds for the photos to be uploaded.
    Once done, click "Call me" to contact us.

Is it secure to add an image of the item/ a screenshot while trying to contact Amazon?

Images shared by you will be used by Amazon only to solve your immediate issue and to improve the quality of our Customer Service. We request you to share only the exact image requested by us and refrain from sending any personal photographs.

Note:

    The file format of the image should be .jpg / .jpeg / .png
    Please ensure the images are focused on the issue and are not blurry.
    Please include serial number and IMEI numbers while sharing the images for damaged cases for Mobiles, Laptops and Tablets.

What's the maximum attachment size for an image?

You can upload images of size up to 25 MB.

Can I add multiple images?

Yes, you can add a maximum of 5 images of the issue. Please ensure the total size of all the images is not above 25 MB.

Note:

    The file format of the image should be .jpg / .jpeg / .png. PDFs are not accepted.
    Please ensure the images are focused and are not dark, blurry or shaky.
    Manufacturing and expiry date should be clearly visible.
    If your item is damaged / defective, your image should clearly show the damaged / defective part.
    Please include serial number and IMEI numbers while sharing the images for damaged cases for Mobiles, Laptops and Tablets.

