To cancel orders before they are shipped	
Go to 'Your Orders'
Select the item you want to cancel and click 'Cancel items'.
Provide reasons for cancellation (optional) and proceed.
To cancel orders that are already shipped	
Go to 'Your Orders'
Select the 'Request Cancellation' option and proceed
The items will be returned to Amazon for a refund (if the payment is already made)
Note: In case you are still contacted for delivery or do not see an option to cancel in Your Orders, please refuse to accept the order at the time of delivery.
For your cancelled orders, we will refund the amount (if the payment is already made) to the original payment method. To know about the refund timelines, refer to Amazon.in Refund Policy.

Note:

If your order is combined with other active orders from your account and is shipped as a single shipment (common tracking number), then cancelling one order/item would result in cancellation of all the other orders/items combined in the shipment.
If you have canceled an order partially, the refund of the partially cancelled order will be issued once other items in the order have been fulfilled.
For orders shipped directly by the seller, you can cancel from 'Your Orders' within 30 minutes by clicking on 'View order details' and then selecting 'Cancel Item'. After 30 minutes, and up until the time the order ships, you can request a cancellation from the seller. Your order will be cancelled by the seller and refund will be processed to your original payment method by the seller, if the payment was already made. Visit Seller Fulfilled Orders help page for more details. In case you are still contacted for delivery or do not see an option to cancel in 'Your Orders', please refuse to accept the order at the time of delivery.
Follow below steps to view your cancelled orders:
Go to 'Your Orders'
Select the filter on top right of the screen
Select ‘Cancelled’
Note: To check the status of refund for your cancelled orders, visit Your Transactions