 Site Features  › 
100% Purchase Protection

Disclaimer: In the event of any discrepancy or conflict, the English version will prevail over the translation.

We are committed to ensure 100% Purchase Protection for customers by offering genuine products, secure payments and easy returns for items shopped on Amazon.in.

    Genuine Products
    Secure Payments and Safe Ordering
    Easy Returns

Genuine Products

Sellers are committed to sell only genuine products to customers on Amazon.in. All sellers listing their products on Amazon.in are required to enter an agreement to list and sell only genuine products.
Secure Payments and Safe Ordering

Amazon.in understands that you care about how information about you is used and shared. We appreciate your trust in us to do that carefully and sensibly. Your privacy is important to us, and we work to keep your information secure.

How Secure Is Information I share with Amazon.in?

Our secure-server software encrypts all your personal information including credit or debit card number, name and address. The encryption process takes the characters you enter and converts them into bits of code that are then securely transmitted over the Internet.

We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts your information, in addition to maintaining the security of your information as per the International Standard IS/ISO/IEC 27001 on "Information Technology-Security Techniques- Information Security Management System-Requirements".

We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.

We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage and disclosure of personally identifiable customer information. As per our security procedures, we may occasionally request proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you.

Click here to learn more about Security, Privacy & Accessibility.

It is important for you to prevent unauthorised access to your password and computer. Be sure to sign out when you finish using a shared computer. Learn more about our Privacy Policy.
Easy Returnseasy returns

Returns are easy with our online returns centre. While most items can be returned for a refund or replacement within a 10-day return window, return policies may be different across product categories. Please check the Amazon.in Returns Policies for details on the returns policies of specific product categories.

Visit the Returns Support Centre to initiate returns. Learn more about returning items fulfilled by Amazon and returning seller fulfilled items.

Seller fulfilled items need to be returned directly to the seller and not to Amazon. The seller will specify the return address and mailing instructions.

To know the seller’s details –

    Open the product detail page.
    Scroll down and find “sold by”.

To return a seller fulfilled item –

    Go to Your Order.
    Select the item you want to return.
    Click on Return or replace item.
    Select issue and click on continue.
    Enter the required details and proceed.