Here are some of the possible reasons for late delivery:

Incorrect address
Missing apartment, building, floor, or house number
Severe weather conditions
Product out of stock
Product damaged during transit
Local or regional contingencies
Some of the actions you can take are:

Track your package and confirm the estimated delivery date in Your Orders. We update the information if there is a change in the estimated delivery date.
Confirm your shipping address in Your Orders. To avoid delivery problems, keep your address information up-to-date and add delivery instructions to Your Addresses.
Check payment processing in Your Orders.
Wait for 48 hours to allow for any unexpected delays. We typically notify customers if any delays in delivery occurs.
If you haven't received your order but tracking shows as delivered, go to Find a Missing Package That Shows As Delivered. Occasionally, packages are returned to us as undeliverable. Visit Undeliverable Packages for more information.

The A-to-z Guarantee protects you when you buy items sold and fulfilled by a third-party seller. It covers both the timely delivery and condition of your items. To know more about A-to-z Guarantee, click here.

Most orders are delivered on time. However, occasionally orders may be delivered after the estimated delivery date. Here are some of the possible reasons for late delivery:

Incorrect address
Missing apartment, building, floor, or house number
Severe weather conditions
Product out of stock
Product damaged during transit
Local or regional contingencies

If your order is delayed, you can follow the below steps:

Track your package and confirm the estimated delivery date in Your Orders. We update the status if there is a change in the estimated delivery date.
Check shipping address of your package in Your Orders.
To avoid delivery problems, keep your address up-to-date and add delivery instructions to Your Addresses.
Check if the payment was successfully processed in Your Orders.
If the estimated delivery date for your package has passed and your tracking information hasn't changed, allow 1 additional day for packages shipped by Amazon and 5 additional days for packages shipped by third-party couriers to be delivered. Usually packages arrive on or shortly after the estimated delivery date.
If delivery was attempted once and failed to delivery, the delivery will be attempted again on the following day.
Note:
If tracking shows delivered and you haven't received your order, go to Find a Missing Package That Shows As Delivered Help page for details.
If your package shows as undeliverable, we will take care of the return and refund where applicable. When our delivery associates or courier partners are unable to deliver the item to the right recipient, packages are returned to us as undeliverable. Visit Undeliverable Packages help page for details.
We can't expedite or reschedule to a day before the estimated delivery date. If your order ships directly from a third-party seller, contact a Third-Party Seller for instructions.